CCM add info on lookback range of new GCP usage and cost exports (#23872)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/google_cloud.md

{{< img src="cloud_cost/billing_export.png" alt="Google Cloud project and dataset info highlighted" >}}

> _Newly created BigQuery datasets will only contain the most recent two months of data._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Newly created BigQuery billing export datasets only contain the most recent two months of data. It can take a day or two for this data to backfill in BigQuery._
```
